README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">Termii PHP</h1>

<p align="center">
  <img alt="Github top language" src="https://img.shields.io/github/languages/top/Douglasokolaa/termiiphp?color=56BEB8">

  <img alt="License" src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/Douglasokolaa/termiiphp?color=56BEB8">

  <img alt="Github issues" src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues/Douglasokolaa/termiiphp?color=56BEB8" />

  <img alt="Github forks" src="https://img.shields.io/github/forks/Douglasokolaa/termiiphp?color=56BEB8" />

  <!-- <img alt="Github stars" src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/Douglasokolaa/termiiphp?color=56BEB8" /> -->
</p>

<hr>

<p align="center">
  <a href="#dart-about">About</a> &#xa0; | &#xa0; 
  <a href="#white_check_mark-requirements">Requirements</a> &#xa0; | &#xa0;
  <a href="#checkered_flag-usage">Usage</a> &#xa0; | &#xa0;
  <a href="#hammer-contribution">Contribution</a> &#xa0; | &#xa0;
  <a href="#memo-license">License</a> &#xa0; | &#xa0;
  <a href="https://github.com/Douglasokolaa" target="_blank">Author</a>
</p>

<br>

## :dart: About ##

PHP Library for [Termii API](http://developer.termii.com/docs/)

## :white_check_mark: Requirements ##

Before starting :checkered_flag:, you need to have [Git](https://git-scm.com) and [PHP 7+](https://php.net/) installed.

## :checkered_flag: Usage ##

```bash
# Installation
$ composer require douglasokolaa/termiiphp
```

## :hammer: Countribution

```bash
# Clone this project
$ git clone https://github.com/Douglasokolaa/termiiphp

# Access
$ cd termiiphp

# Install dependencies
$ composer Install

# Create .env and update
$ cp .ev.example .env

# Run test
$ ./vendor/phpunit/phpunit/phpunit tests

```

## :memo: License ##

This project is under license from MIT. For more details, see the [LICENSE](LICENSE.md) file.


Made with :heart: by <a href="https://github.com/Douglasokolaa" target="_blank">Douglas Okolaa</a>

&#xa0;

## Todo:
- Update Readme with Usage

<a href="#top">Back to top</a>

Commit message:

:zap: rename to okolaa/termiiphp

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">Termii PHP</h1>

<p align="center">
  <img alt="Github top language" src="https://img.shields.io/github/languages/top/Douglasokolaa/termiiphp?color=56BEB8">

  <img alt="License" src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/Douglasokolaa/termiiphp?color=56BEB8">

  <img alt="Github issues" src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues/Douglasokolaa/termiiphp?color=56BEB8" />

  <img alt="Github forks" src="https://img.shields.io/github/forks/Douglasokolaa/termiiphp?color=56BEB8" />

  <!-- <img alt="Github stars" src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/Douglasokolaa/termiiphp?color=56BEB8" /> -->
</p>

<hr>

<p align="center">
  <a href="#dart-about">About</a> &#xa0; | &#xa0; 
  <a href="#white_check_mark-requirements">Requirements</a> &#xa0; | &#xa0;
  <a href="#checkered_flag-usage">Usage</a> &#xa0; | &#xa0;
  <a href="#hammer-contribution">Contribution</a> &#xa0; | &#xa0;
  <a href="#memo-license">License</a> &#xa0; | &#xa0;
  <a href="https://github.com/Douglasokolaa" target="_blank">Author</a>
</p>

<br>

## :dart: About ##

PHP Library for [Termii API](http://developer.termii.com/docs/)

## :white_check_mark: Requirements ##

Before starting :checkered_flag:, you need to have [Git](https://git-scm.com) and [PHP 7+](https://php.net/) installed.

## :checkered_flag: Usage ##

```bash
# Installation
$ composer require okolaa/termiiphp
```

## :hammer: Countribution

```bash
# fork and Clone the fork project
# Access the folder
$ cd termiiphp

# Install dependencies
$ composer Install

# Create .env and update
$ cp .ev.example .env

# Run test
$ ./vendor/phpunit/phpunit/phpunit tests

```

## :memo: License ##

This project is under license from MIT. For more details, see the [LICENSE](LICENSE.md) file.


Made with :heart: by <a href="https://github.com/Douglasokolaa" target="_blank">Douglas Okolaa</a>

&#xa0;

## Todo:
- Update Readme with Usage

<a href="#top">Back to top</a>
